# This project
One House (one_house), is a child theme of the general idfive Drupal 8 theme. Setup for use with the idfive Component Library (icl).

- [Setup](#setup)
- [Additional Setup Steps](#additional_setup)

## Setup {#setup}
This theme should have been set up by running $sudo bash generate_kit.sh from the ../idfive/starterkits folder to generate a folder on your install

## Additional Setup Steps {#additional_setup}
These are not needed if theme is generated by idfive script, but helpful for troubleshooting.

Download and extract the **latest** version of [idfive Component Library Source Files]
into the root of your new sub-theme. After it has been extracted, the directory
should be renamed (if needed) so it reads `./one_house/silc`.

If for whatever reason you have an additional `idfive-component-library` directory wrapping the
first `idfive-component-library` directory (e.g. `./one_house/idfive-component-library/idfive-component-library`), remove the
wrapping `idfive-component-library` directory.

**WARNING:** Ensure that the `.starterkit` suffix is
not present on your sub-theme's `.info.yml` filename. This suffix is simply a
stop gap measure to ensure that the bundled starter kit sub-theme cannot be
enabled or used directly. This helps people unfamiliar with Drupal avoid
modifying the starter kit sub-theme directly and instead forces them to create
a new sub-theme to modify.

[Silc Framework]: https://silc.io/
[idfive Component Library Source Files]: https://bitbucket.org/idfivellc/idfive-component-library/src/master/
